Add custom arp table notes for getmac integrations (#30482)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dlna_dmr.markdown

### Media sources

The DLNA Digital Media Renderer integration can browse any configured [media source](/integrations/media_source/). Displayed media will be filtered based on the capabilities of the DLNA DMR device.

## Notes

> - This integration uses [getmac](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac) for MAC addresses resolution. When running HA in a docker container without network mode host, it is possible to specify a custom ARP table in the container as described [here](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac?tab=readme-ov-file#docker).

Reviewer: No comments on the substance, but some phrasing suggestions, ditto to all other files here: 
```suggestion
- This integration uses [getmac](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac) for MAC addresses resolution. When running Home Assistant in a Docker container without network mode host, it is possible to specify a custom ARP table in the container as described [in the getmac documentation](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac?tab=readme-ov-file#docker).
```

> - This integration uses [getmac](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac) for MAC addresses resolution. When running Home Assistant in a Docker container without network mode host, it is possible to specify a custom ARP table in the container as described [in the getmac documentation](https://github.com/GhostofGoes/getmac?tab=readme-ov-file#docker).

Reviewer 2: These notes are not needed, as we don't support running Home Assistant without running in host mode.

If you choose to run Home Assistant in an unsupported way, you may end up with weird behavior (more than these).
